Document GitHub serverside limit on URL length (#4537)
github/docs: content/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-automation-for-issues-and-pull-requests-with-query-parameters.md

You must have the proper permissions for any action to use the equivalent query parameter. For example, you must have permission to add a label to an issue to use the `labels` query parameter.

> ### Errors
> 
> If you create an invalid URL using query parameters, or if you don’t have the proper permissions, the URL will return a `404 Not Found` error page.  
> 
> If you create an URL longer than 8191 bytes, the URL will return a `414 URI Too Long` error page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create an invalid URL using query parameters, or if you don’t have the proper permissions, the URL will return a `404 Not Found` error page. If you create a URL that exceeds the server limit, the URL will return a `414 URI Too Long` error page.
```

Simplifying the language and bringing it into line with our standards.
